Add doc for annotation (#1135)
maplibre/maplibre-native: docs/mdbook/src/android/annotation-guide.md

# Annotation: Marker

This guide will show you how to add Markers in the map.

`Annotation` is an overlay on top of a Map. In package
`com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.annotations`, it has the following subclasses:
1. [Marker]
2. [Polyline]
3. [Polygon]

A Marker shows an icon image at a geographical location. By default, marker uses
a provided image as its icon (User may find it in drawable folder from the package

> `com.comapbox.mapboxsdk`).

Reviewer: This does not look correct.

Author: `com.comapbox.mapboxsdk` -> `com.mapbox.mapboxsdk`

Author: Ah... it is a little confusing...
User can reference icon drawable with the following code:
```kotlin
com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.R.drawable.maplibre_marker_icon_default
```
But the package name on maven is `org.maplibre.gl:android-sdk`

In 6c18b0e, I just use hyperlink to point out the default marker image.

![marker image]

Or, the icon can be customized using [IconFactory] to generate an

> [Icon] using as provided image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Icon] using a provided image.
```

Should this 'as' be 'a'?

Author: Yes, nice catch!

> For more customization, please read documentation about [MarkerOptions].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more customization, please read the documentation about [MarkerOptions].
```

> In this showcase, we continue the code from [Quickstart],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this showcase, we continue the code from the [Quickstart],
```

rename Activity into `JsonApiActivity`,
and pull the GeoJSON data from a free and public API.

> Then add markers into map with GeoJSON:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then add markers to the map with GeoJSON:
```

1. In your module Gradle file (usually `<project>/<app-module>/build.gradle`), add

>    `okhttp` to simplify code about HTTP requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `okhttp` to simplify code making HTTP requests.
```

    ```gradle
    dependencies {
        ...
        implementation 'com.squareup.okhttp3:okhttp:4.10.0'
        ...
    }
    ```

2. Sync your Android project the with Gradle files.

3. In `JsonApiActivity` we add a new variable for `MapboxMap`.

>    It is used for map instance about adding annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   It is used to add annotations to the map instance.
```

```kotlin
{{#include ../../../../platform/android/MapboxGLAndroidSDKTestApp/src/main/java/com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/testapp/activity/annotation/JsonApiActivity.kt:top}}
```

> 4. Rewrite `mapview.getMapSync()`. Now we assign values for `maplibreMap`.

Reviewer 2: I would say Call instead of Rewrite.

Author: How about [d0c66a8](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-native/pull/1135/commits/d0c66a8de81129857535b15aabc257519fd96c40)?

```diff
-4. Rewrite `mapview.getMapSync()`. Now we assign values for `maplibreMap`.
-   Also, call the `getEarthQuakeDataFromUSGS()` method to make a HTTP request.
+4. Call `mapview.getMapSync()` in order to get a `MapboxMap` object.
+   After `mapboxMap` is assigned, call the `getEarthQuakeDataFromUSGS()` method
+   to make a HTTP request and transform data into the map annotations.
```

4. Rewrite `mapview.getMapSync()`. Now we assign values for `mapboxMap`.

>    Also, call method `getEarthQuakeDataFromUSGS()` for HTTP request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Also, call the `getEarthQuakeDataFromUSGS()` method to make a HTTP request.
```

```kotlin
{{#include ../../../../platform/android/MapboxGLAndroidSDKTestApp/src/main/java/com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/testapp/activity/annotation/JsonApiActivity.kt:mapAsync}}
```

5. Define a function `getEarthQuakeDataFromUSGS()` to fetch GeoJSON data from a public API.

>    If we successfully get the response, call `addMarkersToMap()` on UI thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If we successfully get the response, call `addMarkersToMap()` on the UI thread.
```

```kotlin
{{#include ../../../../platform/android/MapboxGLAndroidSDKTestApp/src/main/java/com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/testapp/activity/annotation/JsonApiActivity.kt:getEarthquakes}}
```

6. Now it is time to add markers into the map.

>    - In method `addMarkersToMap()`, we define two types of bitmap for marker icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In the `addMarkersToMap()` method, we define two types of bitmap for the marker icon.
```

>    - For each feature in GeoJSON, add a marker with snippet about earthquake details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For each feature in the GeoJSON, add a marker with a snippet about earthquake details.
```

>    - If the magnitude of an earthquake is bigger than 6.0, we use the red icon. Otherwise, use the blue one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If the magnitude of an earthquake is bigger than 6.0, we use the red icon. Otherwise, we use the blue one.
```

>    - Finally, move camera to bounds of newly added markers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Finally, move the camera to the bounds of the newly added markers
```

```kotlin
{{#include ../../../../platform/android/MapboxGLAndroidSDKTestApp/src/main/java/com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/testapp/activity/annotation/JsonApiActivity.kt:addMarkers}}
```

> 7. Here is the final result. For the full content of `JsonApiActivity`, please visit source code of [Test APP]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Here is the final result. For the full contents of `JsonApiActivity`, please visit source code of [Test APP]
```
